Tagtrail Repository
========================

This is a bundle of tools to organize a minimal-cost, trust-based and thus
time efficient accounting system for small, self-service community stores.

Members receive individual TagSheets, containing e.g. 96 small stickers with
their member id (tags). Each product in the store needs one or several
ProductSheets, simple A4 paper sheets with product name, amount and price, as
well as a grid of cells to put tags on.
To buy a product, a member takes the specified amount of a product and
sticks one of his tags on a free cell of the ProductSheet.
On day of accounting, all ProductSheets need to be scanned and evaluated.
The tools in this repository help automating this process as far as possible,
mailing an individual bill to each member and generating csv's which can be
processed by GnuCash.

* tagtrail_gen generates empty ProductSheets for products, TagSheets for
  members

* tagtrail_ocr generates one csv file per product from scanned ProductSheets
  with tags on it, enumerating all tags in the sheet with ocr_text, recognized
  tag, confidence

* tagtrail_sanitize interactively leads through ocr-CSVs, lets the user edit
  all tags (validated against a database of member ids) and thus generates one
  CSV per product with confidence of all tags = 1

* tagtrail_send generates a bill for each member, listing the quantity and
  price of each product they tagged and the total price. it then sends this
  bill along with a template email to all members.
  
* tagtrail_account
  - generates transaction CSVs which can be imported by GnuCash, containing two
    transactions per member (total price of products (net), proft margin on top
    of this price)

  - generates an inventory CSV with accounted for and left quantity per product

  - prepares for the next accounting period. ProductSheets that are physically
    removed have to be selected by the user, the CSVs of all remaining products
    generated by tagtrail_sanitize are copied to a new folder
    accounted_products

  TODO: sinnvolles System zum Transfer Comedor -> Bestellung. Wichtig für
  Dominik (Mutationen): welches Produkt stammt von welchem Produzenten, welche
  aus Lager? Gibts einen Export?

